to make the chicken dough with catupiry you will need two
liters of water
two liters of milk
two cubes of chicken broth
no margarine dramas
two tablespoons of salt and about three and a half pounds of wheat flour
put the water to boil in the cauldron of the pasta maker
hot
add all ingredients and let the machine mix until smooth
when you squeeze some dough in your hand and it looks smooth and
sticking is at the point the dough should be used immediately after being ready
for the filling you will need two kilos of tomato sauce
one pound and 200 grams and grated onion 250 grams daily
without dramas and salt
thirteen pounds of cooked and shredded chicken and 300 grams of gold
saute garlic and so off
and let it brown a little
put the tomato sauce and the cooked chicken
and let it dry well after being quiet there is no way you can stick the little ribs
of pork
When you work with the apple, take out the amount you will use and charge the
remaining with a clean plastic
because if the mass gets exposed it formed a caste on it and you lose to this one
It's a bit
put 5 grams of curd in the bottom of the wrap and cover with
chicken
until you get the practice of each snack so everyone
same size
then you do not need to think anymore
pass the egg whites into the egg whites mixed with a little water and
then in the flour
then it's just frozen